The hosts of your company have all been poached by me.
It's all here.
Where did you get the live streaming host?
Yes, we all want to follow Master Two see?
This is an expression of your ability.
You are willing to follow me.
Don't want to follow a useless second generation like you.
I'm so sorry.
I just signed a live streaming host.
Much better than this shit.
The second young man signed.
This is the hottest streamer on the whole network.
I'd like to see who you sign better than them.
Look.
There.
Ah, it's the goddess Xiao Wei.
Oh my god, Bach Xiaowi is the superstar of the entertainment world.
He's here.
I want him to sign.
You said the host you signed was Bach Xiaowi, that's right.
You're laughing.
Bach Xiaowi is the biggest star in our country.
He can be a streamer with you.
Dreaming.
Master Er, I looked at him, wanting to borrow the name Bai Xiaowi to exaggerate.
I'll tell Miss White.
Sue him for defamation.
Go.
Qian Fengming, you want to slander the biggest star, you are surely dead.